Author: Taylor Yarn

Compiling:
To compile this file, one must first navigate to the directory tyarn-LColouring from the command
line. After one has navigated to this directory, one must simply type in either make or make
bestRental to compile the program correctly as the makefile is completely functional and correct.

Running:
A prerequisite to run this program correctly is that one must first have an input file
to give to the program to get data out of. I have included a few of these input files for
the purpose of testing my program.
To run the program one must type in the executable, followed by the valid input file
they want the data to be read from.
For example if I am using the input file Test2 and the program has already been compiled
I would run the program with the command ./bestRental Test2
After this command is run the program will prompt the user for the input of what information
they want to ascertain from the program. For example If I wanted to find the cheapest way
to get from rental post 0 to rental post 2 I would input 0 and press enter
Then I would input 2 and press enter after this as well, then the
program would write the answer to the terminal.
The program will continue asking the user for inputs and outputting the answers to the terminal
until the user inputs 0 and then 0 which will end the program. If the user inputs an incorrect
rental post the program will output a suitable error message.

What this program accomplishes and does not accomplish:
With respect to the assignment requirements, I believe this program accomplishes all that the
assignment asks. To elaborate, the program will only run if there is a valid file
after the executable on the cmd line. The program then correctly reads in the data and
computes the matrix B where B(i,j) represents the cheapest cost of getting from
rental post i to rental post j. After this is done the program will prompt the user for input
and print the answers of every input which includes the cheapest cost of getting from
the starting point the user inputted and the ending point the user inputted as well as
the path that one would take to achieve this cheapest cost of rentals
until the program is given the input 0 0 and then the program ends.
Once the program stops asking for input, it will close the inputfile and
deallocate all the memory on the heap that the program has access to.
